hello what see what is this is
incredible you're like today a minor
surprise this is a fantastic show thank
you so much for coming so I'd like you
to meet some new friends of mine it's
jaclyn and David new are Lauren and
Jeremy schools there are a lot of people
here Wow we are with Scott today to let
you guys know who has won the best
british single award yep that's right so
without any further ado let's have a
look at the nominations there's the
single
ok
Oh
there are some amazing contenders are
freaking agree in there but I think I
know who I've got my money on to this
one yeah I think you might be right mate
and so let's hand over to Jacqueline and
sugary say you this way okay girl and
the winner is
thank you so much for having us back
thank you to all comers per second year
I wish you just want to take a second to
remember rise
get to recognize him on this stage so
thank you four letters to carve out
thank you I just want to say a massive
thank you said everything with our
phones because this world not been
possible without you guys vote in I also
want to thank all our friends or family
girlfriends people out there it is every
day and also I want to have a special
shout-out to my grandma because I know
she's beside her vote in as well so
thank you
but charter zayn malik's gram